README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: update README with project description and features

README.md, after:

# 📖 Spiral Island — Interactive Reader

An **interactive reading platform** built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), designed for immersive storytelling.  
Readers can explore chapters with images, track their progress, and enjoy a clean, distraction-free interface.

---

## ✨ Features

- 📚 **Chapter Navigation** — Previous / Next controls for smooth reading.
- ✅ **Progress Tracking** — LocalStorage saves which chapters you’ve read.
- 🌙 **Dark Mode** — Seamless theme switching with `ThemeProvider`.
- 🖼 **Responsive Layout** — Optimized grid for text + image side-by-side.
- ⏱ **Reading Time Estimate** — Each chapter shows approximate time needed.
- ⚡ **Fast & Modern** — Built on Next.js App Router, TypeScript, and TailwindCSS.

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

Clone the repo and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/spiral-island.git
cd spiral-island
npm install

npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```
